Make TemplateRegistry not mutable (#6556)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE 3.x
===========

UPGRADE FROM 3.x to 3.x
=========================

> ### Changes in templates registry stucture.

Reviewer: These messages should explain the user what to do or how resolve possible deprecations.

UPGRADE 3.x
===========

UPGRADE FROM 3.x to 3.x
=========================

> ### Changes in templates registry stucture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Templates registry structure and responsibilities.
```

> `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\TemplateRegistry` was split to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\TemplateRegistry` class has been splitted into 3 classes:
```

>    - `TemplateRegistry` based on `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\TemplateRegistryInterface`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `TemplateRegistry`, implementing `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\TemplateRegistryInterface`
```

>    - `MutableTemplateRegistry` based on `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\MutableTemplateRegistryInterface`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `MutableTemplateRegistry`, implementing `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\MutableTemplateRegistryInterface`
```

>    - `AbstractTemplateRegistry` if you want create your own template registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `AbstractTemplateRegistry`, implementing `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\TemplateRegistryInterface`. You MUST extend this class if you want to create your own template registry.
```

> Some change are also made in aware interfaces:
>    - `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\TemplateRegistryAwareInterface` is for `TemplateRegistryInterface` now
>    - `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\MutableTemplateRegistryAwareInterface` was added and it is for `MutableTemplateRegistryInterface`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interface `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\TemplateRegistryAwareInterface` was updated in order to handle instances of `TemplateRegistryInterface`.
The interface `Sonata\AdminBundle\Templating\MutableTemplateRegistryAwareInterface` was added to provide a simple contract for classes depending on a `MutableTemplateRegistryInterface`.
```

> `TemplateRegistry` will not be implementing `MutableTemplateRegistryInterface` in version 4.0. If you use `setTemplate()` or `setTemplates()` you should use `MutableTemplateRegistry` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TemplateRegistry` will stop implementing `MutableTemplateRegistryInterface` in version 4.0. If you are using `setTemplate()` or `setTemplates()` methods, you MUST use `MutableTemplateRegistry` instead.
```
